Whoa!
Are you guys seeing this?
Looks like Shadow’s back. Impossible.
What are you guys doing?
Well, I have one question.
What are you doing, man?
Don't ask me that. You're standing here.
Try asking yourself for once.
Shadow, you're sillier than ever.
Now just let me ask you that question.
What in the world are you doing here, Shadow?!
Stop trying to make me angry. Run away.
Before you get hurt.
Stand down. Shadow!
We don't want to fight you.
Actually, Sonic, I would like to fight.
Not now.
Rrrgh...
Shadow, we can talk about this together
if you just came down from that
car already!
You have the audacity to believe
I would do something like that?
You know,
you're pretty stupid for a team of three.
Oh, all right, I've had enough with this guy!
I will tear you to shreds!
Knuckles!
Are you okay?
No. Not really. No.
Why would Shadow show up now?
It doesn't make sense.
You know, this guy is a lot
more impressive than you, Sonic.
Dude. I'm standing right here.
But don't worry.
He can't take all of us at once.
Ow!
Urgh!
Can we just talk about this?
Okay.
He took us all at once.
Weaklings...
Wait a sec,
I thought we're going tubing today.
Wait, is this a race?!
And we're gonna beat ya!
And just take note that I'm going to be
the one to become speed champion,
you losers.
Cute.
You really think you can beat
the fastest thing alive?
Who's a world-renowned blue blur
who's been famous all over town?
Well then, don't be afraid
that you're about to lose!
Well then, let's go!
And to nobody's surprise, the
star blue blur is ahead in the lead
and is gonna win this shebang!
Truly the one and only.
Come on, Sonic!
What the what now!
You know, even I'm ahead of you, Sonic!
Even Knuckles is ahead of me?
Time to light the afterburners.
It’s a bird!
It's a plane!
It's Air Hedgehog!
All right, all right.
I did it!